x101 - hello world: 
	- example: 
		#include <stdio.> 
		int main(){
			printf("hello world\n");
			return 0; 
		}	
	- this is the start of the tutorial, here i learnt how to include the neccessary 
	header files into the program as a preprocessor that is aknowledged by the compiler before 
	any code is read or compiled - this is where certain functions are located, like printf/ scanf etc. 

02 - variables:
	- example: int age = 18; 
	- before a variable is initialized, the data type must be declated. whether the value stored 
	is a float, intiger, bool, character, etc, the data type must be specified before the variable name 
	or value is initialized. 

03 - format specifiers: 
	- similar to python. you can't just slap a variable in the middle of a string and expect it to work, 
	format specifiers are placed in the middle of strings and tell the compiler that this part of 
	the string expects a specific data type. for example if a variable age is initlialized before a 
	print statement, age does not go in the middle of the string like this: "you are", age "years old", 
	like how you would in python. instead you do something like this: "you are %d years old", age. here the format specifier of %d tells the compiler that the printf statement expects a digit / or decial
	(im not quite sure which but i know its used for integers), and the variable is taken as an argument 
	in the printf statement after the string. this is just an example but the same applies to 
	other data types or other use cases. format specifier -> variable taken as an argument. 

04 - arithmetic operators: 
	- i didn't pay too much attention here since i its not that different from other programming 
	languages. here you can use basic arithmetic operators to perform an arithmetic operation on two, 
	or more values. like +, -, /, %, *, etc. 

05 - user input: 
	- there are two methods that i know of that are used to take in a user input. for example, 
	scanf() takes the memory address of where the variable (that will store the user input) is located. 
	and a format specifier to let the compiler know what data type the value is going to be stored as. 
	fgets() is another way of storing a user input, however this is mainly used for strings and is 
	found in the string.h header file, here the user can enter a string an assign it to an array 
	of characters, unlike scanf, it can take white space meaning it can store entire sentences or 
	full names (these are just examples there are many use cases). the function takes the name of 
	the variable where the value will be stored in, the size of the variable (typically done with 
	sizeof()), and stdin which stands for standard input. unlike the scanf function, im not entirely 
	sure about the specifics of how the function works but im guessing the fact that it takes the 
	size of the variable as an argument, im just going to assume that it will assign the input 
	to the area in memory where the variable is located, or something like that o algo. 

06 math functions:
- wallahi i forgot most of this but this isn't something that i can't just spend 30 seconds looking up. 
uses the math.h header file and the functions went over in the program that i did used the pow() function, square root function, rounding up or down (despite the range of the number), and abs() for absolute, abd i think the trig functions? not entirely sure but its not that big of a deal. 

07 if statements: 
	- again not that different from other programming languages, except for minor differences in the format. if a satement is true, return said code, else, if this statement is true do this, else if 
	none of the conditions are met, do this. these can also be nested. 

08 switches: 
	- this is something new, this is basically just a quicker way of doing an if statement. 
	sometimes you might find yourself doing a dozen of if/ if else statements in a row which 
	can be repetitive and SLOW. switch cases takes a condition (the switch) and compares 
	it against multiple cases. also the default case is used when there is not correlation 
	between the cases and the condition. sort of like an else statement. 

09 nested if statements:
	- self explanitory, an if statement inside of an if statemenet. if this is true and this is also true do this, if this is true but this isn't do this. bla bla bla. 

10 logical operators: 
	- okay this part was kinda fun, reminded me of gcse computer science. within a condition (if something is true) you can add logical operators to shorten the amount of code necessary. for example 
	instead of doing an if statement for one condition, then an else if statement for the same 
	condition. you can use && for AND, || for OR, and != for NOT. so if this and this is true
	do bla bla bla, if this or this is true do bla bla bla, if this is not equal to this do this bla bla bla i need to shit really bad. 

11 functions: 
	- fun but tricky to wrap your head around, so far the main function is typically where 
	things like variables are initialized. but you can have a function before the main function 
	that performs or runs a block of code, and you can use that function to repeat said code 
	a number of times by calling the function in the main function. the function must be initialized 
	AFTER the main function or else the compiler won't be able to access the values initialized in main, 	before running the function. also think of functions as houses. you cant view items in your 
	neighbours house and the reverse is also true. but you can give something to your neighbour to use bla bla bla. you can't use a variable outside of where it was initialized without passing it over 
	to the function by taking it as an argument. in the parameters of the function, the datatype
	and variable name must also be specified to let the function know what sort of data it should 
	expect. 

12 return keyword: 
	- returns a value back to where you call a function. iamgine you create a function called cube and add "double num" in its paremeters. 	and within the function you return num * num * num. 
	within the main function you can call the function and passing a value within its parameters (a number preferably, decimal also) and assinging that value to a variable. the result from the cube function returns back to the main function. 

13 variable scope: 
- already went over that when talking about functions. 

14 function protoypes: 
- compilers compile code in a linear mannor, meaning it starts from the very first line and continues until 
the last. traditionally, you'd have you create a function before the main function, if your function is called in the main function. so instead of copy and pasting it before the main function you can just create a funtion protoype, where you take the data type it will return, lets just say void. the name of the function (lets say nigga), and the parameters it takes (lets just say void this time, this means it won't return a value to the main function). however you end the function with a semi colon instead of curly brackets, where you'd write your code. this tells the compiler the necessary information it needs to run and call a function with in the main function. its not necessary but it is convenient. 


15 while loops: 
similar to 
